docs: add community wrappers contribution docs (#217)
supabase/wrappers: docs/contributing.md

```
mkdocs gh-deploy
```

## Community Wrappers

> Unfortunately, we are not accepting community Wrappers until the interface is stabilized. You can [vote your favorite Wrapper](https://github.com/supabase/wrappers/discussions/136) if you'd like it to be added to Supabase in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, we cannot support community Wrappers inside the Supabase Dashboard until the Wrappers API is stabilized. You can [vote your favorite Wrapper](https://github.com/supabase/wrappers/discussions/136) if you'd like it to be added to Supabase in the future.

If you have developed a Wrapper that you want inside the Supabase Dashboard, please contribute it as a PR in this repo.

Once we release Wrappers 1.0, we will support community Wrappers within the Supabase Dashboard.
```
